[THEME MUSIC]
>> EMERY SMITH: Today
on Cosmic Disclosure,
we are with Sébastien Martin,
a retired chairman of the board
of a multinational business
who has participated in covert
remote viewing assignments
for CIA analysts.
Today, we are talking about
the hybrid programs of the SSP.
Sébastian, welcome.
>> SÉBASTIEN MARTIN: Thank
you very much for having me
on the show.
>> EMERY: Now you're aware
and you mentioned to me,
you know about these hybrid
programs that are run
by the SSP.
What can you tell me about that?
>> MARTIN: Yeah.
So I was told that the SSP have
used hybrids for generations.
So it's not new to them.
And I was explained
how those hybrids
were enhanced, so, changed,
modified to suit their needs.
>> EMERY: Is it
physical or genetic?
You said manipulate.
>> MARTIN: So most of the
hybrids, they have human DNA,
but they're also mixed
in with alien DNA.
So they are definitely hybrids.
The reason I'm saying that
is because, like human DNA,
we can trace back our origins
from like, being in Italian,
European or whatever.
It works exactly the
same way for alien DNA.
So when you have, let's
say, one particular hybrid
who has the tendencies
of being more,
let's say on the
Draco side, then
the reptilian
components are enhanced
to reach certain targets.
For example, when the SSP
has to go on a mission
to fight against
the Dracos, they
would use cloaking, same as
what the Draco used themselves
to mimic their own appearance
to get on rescue missions,
for example.
And they are using those kind
of hybrids soldiers to do that.
Then you have hybrids
who stay on earth,
who basically would just be
part of a specific project.
And those hybrids
are full humans,
but they were usually
from generations.
So both their
parents are humans,
but they do have
alien markers in them
that are also being enhanced
to do specific jobs, and most
likely to do with communication
on earth with alien beings
to achieve certain jobs.
>> EMERY: How do they find the
lineage of these people that you
say that are picked specifically
for these hybrid programs?
>> MARTIN: Well, like I say,
it's been going on since
the '50s, for some of
those from the '30s.
So it's been going
on for a while.
So the majority of the hybrids
they are using through the SSP
are human beings.
They are human-based beings who
have been enhanced, changed,
or modified to
achieve their targets.
The men in black, who is
actually part of the SSP,
do have hybrids within them.
And those beings are
completely non-humans.
So they are using genomes
or human DNA to create them,
but they are actually
made in a lab.
They are not
automatically produced
through the conception, natural
conception as we know it.
So that's kind of different.
>> EMERY: Are there any type
of-- do they undergo any type
of implantation or surgeries?
>> MARTIN: Yes, yes they do.
The majority of the hybrids
that work for the SSP,
they have a different
use of implants.
So there's what we
call ethereal implants.
And then there is the
physical implants.
So the ethereal implants are
more to do with funny enough,
with the veracity, let's say,
the origin of those hybrids
to make sure that they're
not being corrupted,
that they can track them
from their alien race,
while the physical implants
are used to track them
and also to enhance them
for certain abilities.
So especially to do
with frequencies.
So it's like more of
a frequency generator,
so they can do more telepathy
with certain ET races and so on.
>> EMERY: Have you ever heard
of those implants or the actual
hybrid being hacked or hijacked?
>> MARTIN: Yes.
Yeah, it happens.
>> EMERY: Maybe you
could talk about that.
>> MARTIN: So some
of the hybrids,
especially through the physical
and antithyroid implants,
have been hijacked by the Kruger
Group working for the SSP,
because they had a way to modify
those hybrids and even get
information from them.
They were doing
remote influencing.
>> EMERY: Like morphogenic
field, etheric field,
or is it from a satellite or?
>> MARTIN: No, not
from a satellite?
No.
No, that's usually using
the Draco race directly
to target those beings.
Pretty much yes.
But they were able to modify
the use of those implants
so they could just use
it to their benefit.
>> EMERY: Now have they changed
that so the Dracos and--
>> MARTIN: They
modify them, yes.
>> EMERY: --they
can't do that anymore?
>> MARTIN: It's
been changed since.
Yes.
>> EMERY: Tell us a little bit
about the life of a hybrid.
Are they specific
just for the facility?
Do they have family?
Or do they live off base?
Tell me about them.
>> MARTIN: So for one, if we're
talking about men in black type
of hybrid, those guys don't
venture in the daylight and then
start having a normal life,
while the hybrids that are
working for the SSP
look like you and me.
And they have a different
energy about them,
but they have normal
functional lives.
Very rarely they have families.
Some do.
And they want them
to because they
want to have a lineage again.
But it's very hard for
them to have families
because what they go
through psychically,
it's very, very challenging
and difficult for them
to even contemplate
having a family.
>> EMERY: Overwhelming
emotion and energy floods.
Is that what you mean?
>> MARTIN: Not just that, but
also what they're involved in.
I think it's just
they don't know
if they're going to
be living tomorrow,
because their life
could also be in danger.
They face a lot of
challenges that we don't
face on a day-to-day basis.
>> EMERY: So the SSP is very
demanding of these hybrids?
>> MARTIN: Yes.
>> EMERY: And they have to do
what they say or they'll kill
them?
>> MARTIN: Maybe, but it's more
to do with they have a target.
They said, you
have to, let's say,
build a facility in one country,
it has to be done tomorrow.
You have to start doing.
It doesn't matter what you do.
This is your job, and
you have to do it.
And they can't say no.
>> EMERY: Well, how are they
finding the person that needs
to become the hybrid or a hybrid
that needs to be upregulated?
Like, how do they--
>> MARTIN: How do
they find them?
>> EMERY: Yeah, how do they
find them, pick them out?
>> MARTIN: So basically, once
you are in the same gene pool
as those hybrids--
is from like family
members to family members.
So they know how
to track them down
and how to train them
from very early on.
The parents have to be open
with their own children
about what they're involved in.
So they are being familiarized
with the environment
they are growing up in.
And then there are some
kids that are like,
especially orphans who are
being taken for those programs
to become hybridized.
So they modify them to achieve
a certain purpose as well.
And those beings are sent off,
usually to a place in the Rocky
Mountains in Canada.
>> EMERY: Oh, OK.
Let's talk about this facility.
What can you tell about it?
>> MARTIN: I can say that
you can't see it from space
or from--
even if you were like
right opposite it,
you could not even
see the entryway.
Everything is
completely cloaked.
The entryway basically is
like a-- it's a rock face.
And it opens up.
It's a mirage.
It doesn't exist.
It's not even there.
But that's the entryway
for that facility
down into the mountains.
And you can't reach
it by road either.
>> EMERY: So, how
do you get there?
Is it like a--
>> MARTIN: Usually through
a-- usually like vehicles.
>> EMERY: Like from what-- where
are the entrances to this area?
And are there portals there?
>> MARTIN: Everything that's
in that facility are not using
human-made vehicles.
It's all SSP related and crafts.
So those crafts can go deep
down into the core of the earth
and accessing different
tunnels and accessing
different countries
from there, too.
>> EMERY: So does the SSP
have the technology to go
interdimensional?
Obviously, I mean, if they can
go to inner earth and back,
I mean, then they've conquered
time travel and everything?
>> MARTIN: Oh, yes.
Yes, they've done everything.
>> EMERY: So this is a
very advanced facility.
>> MARTIN: Yes,
very, very advanced.
>> EMERY: And they only--
>> MARTIN: One of the most
advanced facilities in the world
for the SSP.
And it's very, very
security guarded.
>> EMERY: Is it like a square
mile or a couple acres?
Do you know how big the size is
under in the mountain, I guess?
>> MARTIN: It's in the
mountain, and it's massive.
It goes deep underground, pretty
much like all secret facilities
that you know about.
>> EMERY: Yeah.
>> MARTIN: But to
access those tunnels,
you have to imagine that
you can imagine speed trains
in underground tunnels,
those facilities use crafts,
vehicles to go down the shafts.
So you can imagine a circular
UFO or craft going all the way
down as a transportation
vehicle to go all the way down
to the speed train and
then to dispatch whoever
has to go to different tunnels.
>> EMERY: Where do the workers
get into the speed train?
From where?
From DC?
From a base?
>> MARTIN: From
all over the world.
>> EMERY: All over?
>> MARTIN: All over the world,
not just Canada or the US.
>> EMERY: And that's one of
how many bases do they have?
Do you know?
>> MARTIN: I don't
know for sure.
But all I know is that
some of the tunnels
leaving the mountains
in the Rockies, which
is close to Calgary, they
go all the way to Europe.
So underground and
through the ocean.
>> EMERY: And what else do
they do in this facility?
I mean, you did mention
the hybrid program.
Are they doing anything else?
>> MARTIN: I don't know.
That I don't know.
I don't know if they--
I know that they enhance
and manipulate children
there, too, to make them like
soldiers or workers, technicians
even.
Because you have to imagine
that some of these facilities
use technology that we don't
use on earth regularly.
So therefore, all
the contractors,
all the technicians,
all or the workers
are there physically touching
and using technologies
that we're not familiar with.
So they can't just use anybody
to even construct those places.
And they don't use aliens.
So they're using
hybrids for that.
And so the technology that they
are physically manipulating
is something that
could potentially
harm us as regular humans,
but it doesn't harm them.
So for just basic
components like that,
you need to use hybrids
and not regular humans.
>> EMERY: How long has
that facility been there?
>> MARTIN: I don't know.
But I would say it's probably
been there since probably
the '60s.
>> EMERY: And when was the first
documented hybrid on planet
Earth?
Do you know that,
that you're aware of?
>> MARTIN: I think that the
hybridization program started
in the '70s or early '70s.
>> EMERY: So do these hybrids
actually reside and live in this
facility?
>> MARTIN: Yes.
From let's say, two
years or three years old,
those children are being
bred and educated on site.
They don't know regular
lives, like we do.
They stay there until they--
some of them stay
there until they die.
So their work is to
stay at that facility.
>> EMERY: Now, how
did you come about,
Sébastien and finding
out about this facility?
And was it like a
mission, another mission
you had to do or?
>> MARTIN: Yeah.
So from Jamie's,
my SSP contact, I
was able to know more
about the mountain
and the facility and what
was happening within it.
>> EMERY: Why do you have an
SSP contact in the first place?
>> MARTIN: Well, through the
work I was doing as a remote
viewer, I automatically got
involved in some missions that
kind of intertwined with the
CIA and the SSP because some
of these agents were
working some close missions.
So that's the reason
why those agents
were able to talk to
certain SSP agents.
And some of them are
also working for the CIA
and some other agencies.
So they already know
each other by name.
So when they mentioned, I said,
yeah, I worked for the SSP.
Like, you could just come
up in a in a discussion.
And they won't elaborate.
They won't go into details
unless there's a reason for it.
>> EMERY: How many hybrids do
you think are out there in this
program or that the program
released since the '60s?
>> MARTIN: Mm-hmm.
I believe it's in
the thousands so far.
But from what I understand, it's
more and more as time goes by,
because I think deep down
what the SSP wishes to do
and what other
programs wish to do,
is to have a full integration of
the alien race within the earth
so we can have a
better acceptance
for whatever technologies
that they can bring forward
as part of our new reality.
>> EMERY: Integration,
a great word.
I'm glad you used that.
And why do you think
they're doing that?
>> MARTIN: To help us evolve,
which is not a natural way.
But unfortunately,
we are also faced
with potential changes of
whatever is in the cosmos
that we are not prepared for.
And the SSP knows
about those beings.
And so they want us to
be prepared and safe.
>> EMERY: That's very positive.
So they want us to integrate
and have a safe transition
is what you're saying.
>> MARTIN: That's correct.
>> EMERY: So there are these
hybrids that we're aware of that
actually come from, either
a human or a hybrid mother,
where the eggs are manipulated
before the baby in vitro gets
dowsed with whatever
for the mutation.
Is there a connection between
this organic process and the SSP
hybrid program?
>> MARTIN: Yes and no.
So some of these hybrids
are, like we talked about,
made or enhanced on earth.
And some others are produced in
space and then brought to earth.
>> EMERY: Wow.
And there's a facility the SSP
has up there in a mothership
or something?
Or is it on the moon?
>> MARTIN: Not the SSP, no.
The Kruger Group does.
>> EMERY: The Kruger
Group has one?
>> MARTIN: Yeah,
on the mothership.
It's done in space.
It's not done on a
physical location.
And I remote viewed those.
>> EMERY: Oh.
>> MARTIN: Yeah.
>> EMERY: What did you
see on that mothership?
>> MARTIN: Those beings
were tall, Grey aliens.
And they were white.
>> EMERY: So they were Grey
aliens that looked white?
>> MARTIN: Yeah.
>> EMERY: OK.
A big head and tall?
>> MARTIN: And they were tall.
And they were tall.
No those, I will refer
to them as scientists.
Their sole job was to
experiment on abductees
and taking some of
the stuff from them
to produce those hybrids.
So it's a very nefarious
program in a way.
But those beings
are working in line
with the Kruger organization
to bring those hybrids back
on earth.
And that's very novel
in a way, not novel,
but it's different
from what the SSP does.
>> EMERY: I see
what you're saying.
Is there any joint work?
Is it just those tall
whites that are doing it?
Or are there other
extraterrestrials
involved with that?
>> MARTIN: I don't
know about that.
All I know is that the SSP does
conduct their own experiments,
but they don't abduct
people through spacecraft
to bring them into space.
That's not their job.
That's not what they do.
>> EMERY: So you talked
about the SSP hybrid program,
the Kruger hybrid program.
And I've had a lot of
guests on here talking
about an ET hybrid program.
Tell me, what do you
think about that?
And what's the agenda
between the three?
>> MARTIN: I don't think that
the ET program per se exists.
I think it's all related to the
groups organizations on earth,
because it's easier for them to
work with humans to integrate
those humans on earth or
those hybrids on earth.
It doesn't make any sense for me
to have just an ET race coming
up with their own
hybridization program
and then sending off those
random hybrids onto earth
by themselves with zero
affiliations whatsoever
with anything.
Why would they do that?
Who would they
respond to, work for?
>> EMERY: There's no--
>> MARTIN: There's no link
to anything that's already
on earth.
Those ETs know about the SSP.
They know about the
Kruger organizations.
Why would they want to be
singled out and coming up
with their own program
to send hybrids on earth?
It makes zero sense to me.
>> EMERY: So the hybrids,
humans, or extraterrestrials,
all these beings, are
they working for the SSP?
Or are they working for Kruger?
What's going on?
>> MARTIN: They choose.
So we're talking about a
galactic federation or alliance.
Those beings are part
of the same group.
So they therefore help a
certain group of people
on earth based on
the technologies
that they are currently using.
So it's all to do with
reverse engineering programs.
And then the Kruger group have
been working with the Dracos.
It's very complex
because to that extent,
there's comes some
kind of worshipping
going on there,
because the Dracos want
to be worshiped and
perceived as gods
and overseeing and overpowering.
And that's what they do.
>> EMERY: They do?
>> MARTIN: But they try to give
some leeway to the people that
they work with.
So they try to still make
them feel important and so on.
And then there are some other
groups who are, I would say,
newer groups that are
aware of the Earth
and decide to contact certain
members of the government
or these things.
They don't really
understand the affiliations
with the galactic federation
or alliance with Earth.
And so therefore they're trying
to make their own contacts,
sometimes with individuals too.
And then when they start talking
about their own experience,
they say, well, you are
like an experiencer.
And we don't really
understand where
you come from because you have
your own set of characteristics
and channeling going on
that we don't understand.
It's new to us, but that's
completely different from what
is currently happening.
>> EMERY: So we have ETs that
are working with the military,
working with corporations,
working with governments,
and individual contacts as well?
So they're reaching out.
They seem to be everywhere.
But what is the agenda?
And who's really the top dog on
the pyramid controlling this?
>> MARTIN: Well, I would just
compare it to what we know best.
And you've got two major parties
usually fighting one another.
And then you have the
independent parties and so on.
The ETs is pretty much the same.
If I can just
summarize it that way,
it's much easier to understand
because the smaller groups will
be contacting the
people individually.
They will contact members of
the government or corporations.
Those are the minor leagues.
And then you have the SSP and
Kruger organizations, which
are the top dogs of the Earth.
And the beings that
they are working with
are definitely on top of
the food chain, let's say.
And they are the ones to
control what's happening next.
>> EMERY: You mean, the
"Draco and serpents"?
Anunnaki?
>> MARTIN: On the
Kruger side, yes.
>> EMERY: On the Kruger side?
>> MARTIN: Yes.
>> EMERY: Yes.
What about on the SSP side?
>> MARTIN: That's more
the Pleiadian side.
>> EMERY: That's Pleiadian?
>> MARTIN: Yeah.
And the Arcturians and yeah.
>> EMERY: So with all these
factions and competition going
on with everyone, where do you
see this going in a few years?
>> MARTIN: I know
it is evolving.
We'll be seeing lots
of changes in 2025.
But at the same time, if
you ask anybody at the SSP,
they will just tell
you, we can't tell you.
They don't even know themselves.
So they have an agenda,
but this is not something
they are willing to discuss.
>> EMERY: So, what's your final
takeaway on this, Sébastien?
You've been exposed
to these programs.
What do you think?
>> MARTIN: Well,
for one, personally,
I'm definitely more in tune with
what is going on and the hopes
that we can carry through the
integration process of learning
from these technologies, also
through the different types
of frequencies that
will be sent our way.
I think this is very important
for the evolution of mankind.
Otherwise, I do not see how
we could evolve naturally
with the way the universe
is already progressing.
And if we wish to explore
and go on different journeys,
if we want to send
humankind there,
we have to be physically and
mentally prepared for that.
And so that can't
happen naturally.
It has to be with a certain
level of evolution markers
that we currently don't have.
>> EMERY: Well, I'm sure
our audience wants to know,
Sébastien, are you a hybrid?
And what can you tell us?
>> MARTIN: What I can say
is my birth was different.
My mom was pregnant, and
she, after five or six weeks,
she had a hemorrhage and
went to the hospital.
And they said, well,
the fetus is dying.
But good news, there's
another one there.
I was conceived after the fact.
And it happens sometimes.
>> EMERY: Sure.
>> MARTIN: But they had
to mummify the other fetus
in the womb for nine
months for me to be born.
And when I was born, I
didn't have the first layer
of my epidermis.
So the first layer of
my skin was not present.
>> EMERY: Wow.
How did you survive that?
>> MARTIN: It took six
months for my skin to grow.
>> EMERY: That's an
incredible story.
>> MARTIN: So that's one
of the aspects of it.
And then when I turned two,
I could breathe in the air,
but I could not no
longer exhale the air.
So I was suffocating on my CO2.
And they had to send
me away for six months.
>> EMERY: Was it your trachea
or lungs were not correct or?
>> MARTIN: The lungs.
And they sent me away to
the Pyrenees Mountains
in France, where I was with
other children in a center,
and to relearn how to breathe
in cold air and dry air
in high altitude.
But the caveat was that
my parents were not
allowed to see me.
So--
>> EMERY: Very odd.
>> MARTIN: --when my father
picked me up and my mom came
over to pick me up, and I was
in the car and in the back seat,
and they always
recalled that event.
And I said, "Hey,
friend, friend,"
because I did not
recognize my family.
And so my dad turned
around and said,
"Who is asking that question?"
And it was just me--
>> EMERY: All right.
>> MARTIN: --speaking
with a Bernese accent.
And I had to relearn how to
know my family, basically.
I didn't recognize anyone.
>> EMERY: And how old were
you when that happened?
>> MARTIN: Between 2 and 3.
So I was just speaking.
They told me that there were
a bunch of scientists there.
And there was one
dog with other kids.
But the fact was that this
facility no longer exists
and was there in the '70s.
And it's really interesting
because my family doctor
suggested that place in the
first place to my parents.
And he was in my
family until he died.
But he recommended me
to go to that place.
And my mom didn't want to.
But they said, well, it's
either that or you will die.
>> EMERY: Do you have any
additional exceptional abilities
or dreams that you'd like to
share when you were growing up?
>> MARTIN: Well, I was always
very intuitive growing up.
I used to go to class
and seeing things
from my classmates or events
that were about to occur.
And I really didn't
know what to do with it.
So I used to write them
down on a piece of paper.
And then I was being--
that person especially
was angry at me
for disclosing that and saying,
why are you saying that?
And then the next year, she
had this scooter accident
where the person who hit her
and made her a paraplegic--
I saw her dead, but
she became paraplegic.
And the person who hit her
was the Spanish teacher
I was in class with.
So I had that
vision in his class.
And I saw--
>> EMERY: Wow!
>> MARTIN: --a classmate
and him in that same vision,
but I didn't recognize
him in the vision.
I could only see her
being hit by the car.
And then I did another
experiment, like I told you,
I was doing breathing exercises
using transcendental meditation.
And through these breathing
exercises, normally you sit down
and you meditate.
But I was actually
lying down on my bed.
And I came out of my body, and I
decided to go through a tunnel.
And I was able to
hover over a nightstand
and see the objects on
the nightstand of a girl
that I fancied at the time.
And just to impress her,
because I was in a dorm,
I was in a boarding school.
It was mixed.
And she was on her side.
And when I told her the next
day as part of an exercise,
I told her, I said, "Place
one object on your nightstand
and tomorrow I will
tell you what it is."
And then she placed three, and
I described describe all three.
So the next day, I
told her about it
and then she became all white,
didn't want to discuss it ever.
It took me probably
almost more than 20 years
to extract it from her, because
I'm still in touch with her.
But she told me and
said, "The reason
why I didn't want to
talk about it at the time
is because you saw that
necklace on my nightstand
that my dad gave me before
he died in a car crash.
And I never wore it at
school, but you described it
exactly the way it was.
And that's what spooked me,
because I was super religious."
And so therefore, she--
[OVERLAPPING SPEECH]
>> MARTIN: That was dead for me.
I could not date her anymore.
That was it.
>> EMERY: Sébastien, you're
scaring away your girls.
>> MARTIN: I know.
>> EMERY: Come on.
Well, Sébastien, thank
you so much again
for coming on the show.
>> MARTIN: Well, thank you
very much for having me.
>> EMERY: I'm Emery Smith.
And this is Cosmic Disclosure.
Until next time.
[THEME MUSIC]